README.md, before:


![Image of a variety of cookies](https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/559d9ae6e4b07f54795d8c45/1451952277941-4KP8BNVRTVNP3YLV9TAO/photo_top_cookiegroupshot.jpg?format=2500w )

# Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application  

Welcome to the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application, a simple tool for managing your cookie inventory. This application provides features for users to create, view, and delete items in your inventory.

## Application Setup
- Fork and clone this repository.


## Features

### Create A Cookie
A user can create an inventory item using the 'Create a New Cookie' form located on the left side of the page.

<img src="screenshots/create-cookie-form-large.png" height="150" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">
<img src="screenshots/create-cookie-form-small.png" height="125" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">

> Note: This is located at the top of the screen for browsers less than 880px. 

#### How to create a cookie: 
- ``Cookie Name``: (required) The name of the cookie you want to add.
- ``Price``(per dozen): (required) The price per dozen of the item in dollars.
- ``In Stock?``: (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item is in stock (this can be changed later on).
- ``Contains Nuts?``: (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item contains nuts.
- ``Is Vegan?``: (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item contains nuts.
- ``Image URL``: (optional) If you have an image you want to use for the item, paste the image adress here!
- ``Notes``: (optional) Here is where you can add any extra details or descriptions of your item.
- Click ``Submit`` to create your new cookie inventory item.
>Note: Clicking the ``"Reset"`` button will clear the entire form.

You new cookie inventory item will look something like this:

<img src="screenshots/cookie-remove-cookie.png" height="180" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">

#### How to delete a cookie:
- Click the ``red "Remove Cookie"`` button under any inventory item to remove that item from the inventory. 

#### Interactive Features:
- The user can dynamically update the "in stock" value for existing inventory items. 
Click on the ``red "yes"`` or ``green "no"`` buttton to change "in stock" to "out of stock", and vice versa.

- The cookie count at the top of the inventory list will show an updated count of all the cookies in the inventory.


## Contributing <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/MuC8h6BkWBgRxN7zcG/source.gif" width="45" height="45">

We welcome contributions to the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application. If you have ideas for improvements or want to report issues, please open a GitHub issue and submit a pull request.

<img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/92/cf/ae/92cfae9031754fbb5f97e53d218da29d.gif" width="185" height="150">

Happy cookie shopping!

![Cute gif of a cartoon character eating a cookie](https://media.tenor.com/zluE5zNOkOkAAAAC/cute-eating.gif)

Commit message:

added hover to in stock toggle

README.md, after:


![Image of a variety of cookies](https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/559d9ae6e4b07f54795d8c45/1451952277941-4KP8BNVRTVNP3YLV9TAO/photo_top_cookiegroupshot.jpg?format=2500w )

# Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application  

Welcome to the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application, a user-friendly tool for managing your cookie inventory. This application provides features for users to create, view, and delete items in your inventory.

[Explore the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application](https://anitaowen.github.io/Cookie-Shop-inventory-web-project/)

## Application Setup
- Fork and clone this repository.


## Features
A user can create an inventory item using the 'Create a New Cookie' form located on the left side of the page.

<img src="screenshots/create-cookie-form-large.png" height="150" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">
<img src="screenshots/create-cookie-form-small.png" height="125" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">

> Note: This is located at the top of the screen for browsers less than 880px. 

### How to create a cookie: 
- ``Cookie Name`` (required) The name of the cookie you want to add.
- ``Price``(per dozen): (required) The price per dozen of the item in dollars.
- ``In Stock?`` (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item is in stock.
- ``Contains Nuts?`` (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item contains nuts.
- ``Is Vegan?`` (required) Choose 'Yes' or 'No' for whether the item contains nuts.
- ``Image URL`` (optional) If you have an image you want to use for the item, paste the image adress here!
- ``Notes`` (optional) Here is where you can add any extra details or descriptions of your item.
- Click ``Submit`` to create your new cookie inventory item.
>Note: Clicking the ``"Reset"`` button will clear the entire form.

You new cookie inventory item will look something like this:

<img src="screenshots/cookie-remove-cookie.png" height="180" alt="Screenshot of the create cookies form.">

### How to delete a cookie:
- Click the ``red "Remove Cookie"`` button under any inventory item to remove that item from the inventory. 

### Interactive Features:
- The user can dynamically update the "in stock" value for existing inventory items. 
Click on the ``red "yes"`` or ``green "no"`` buttton to change "in stock" to "out of stock", and vice versa.

- The cookie count at the top of the inventory list will show an updated count of all the cookies in the inventory.

#### Stretch goals: 
1. If an image URL is not provided on the form, a default image will be used for the new cookie item.
2. Helper functions were implemented to ensure that each function has a single concern, making the code more readable.
3. A footer has been created that sticks to the bottom of the browser window, even if all inventory items have been removed.
4. Clicking "yes" or "no" for "In Stock" will toggle the value for that item.
5. Transition effects have been incorporated to make the page more interactive.

[Explore the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application](https://anitaowen.github.io/Cookie-Shop-inventory-web-project/)

## Contributing <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/MuC8h6BkWBgRxN7zcG/source.gif" width="45" height="45">

We welcome contributions to the Cookie Shop Inventory Web Application. If you have ideas for improvements or want to report issues, please open a GitHub issue and submit a pull request.

<img src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/92/cf/ae/92cfae9031754fbb5f97e53d218da29d.gif" width="185" height="150">

Happy cookie shopping!

![Cute gif of a cartoon character eating a cookie](https://media.tenor.com/zluE5zNOkOkAAAAC/cute-eating.gif)
